capital = 330

oob = "MON_1936"

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	limited_conscription
}

recruit_character = MON_anandyn_amar
recruit_character = MON_mingzhu_zhanshan
recruit_character = MON_fu_shangzhi
recruit_character = MON_songgotu_kangan
recruit_character = MON_haidav
recruit_character = MON_dagva
recruit_character = MON_chimid
recruit_character = MON_sukhbaataryn_yanjmaa
recruit_character = MON_ganbaatar
recruit_character = MON_ulanhu
recruit_character = MON_vg_pyrselov
recruit_character = MON_lee_shou_hsin
recruit_character = MON_buyannmeh
recruit_character = MON_horloogiyn_choybalsan
recruit_character = MON_olziytrygyn_badrak
recruit_character = MON_dashdorj
recruit_character = MON_gomgchigryn_bumtsend
recruit_character = MON_dansrabilegyin_dogsam
recruit_character = MON_yundunwangcug
recruit_character = MON_pai_yun_ti
recruit_character = MON_Batbayar_Battulga
recruit_character = MON_Arban_Oyuunchimeg
recruit_character = MON_Jochi_Otgonbayar
recruit_character = MON_Jochi_Otgonbayar2
recruit_character = MON_dansrabilegyin_dogsam2

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	add_command_power = 100
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = MON_Rally_the_state
	#complete_national_focus = MON_exile_amar
	#complete_national_focus = MON_follow_the_udssr
	#complete_national_focus = MON_Purge_the_Armed_Forces
	#complete_national_focus = MON_down_with_army_traditions
	#complete_national_focus = MON_Army_Research_centre
	#complete_national_focus = MON_expand_living_spaces
	#complete_national_focus = MON_expand_the_civilian_industry

	
	oob = "MON_1939"
	set_technology = {
		support_weapons = 1
		gw_artillery = 1
		
		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		
		mass_assault = 1
		pocket_defence = 1
		defence_in_depth = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		concentrated_industry = 1
		concentrated_industry2 = 1
	}
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	communism = 100
}

1939.1.1 = {
	add_ideas = {
		limited_conscription
	}

	recruit_character = MON_khorloogiin_choibalsan
	promote_character = MON_khorloogiin_choibalsan
	retire_character = MON_anandyn_amar
}
